the face of twisted bizarreness because
they take these people who are low-grade
morons and they build them up and say
you're gonna run the globe we're gonna
arrest everybody we're gonna put
everybody that doesn't agree with us as
psychiatric facilities and they've got
this huge banker and media funding but
despite all that we're still exposing
him and defeating him so now they're
getting more and more desperate saying
arrest us and put us in psychiatric
facilities arrest as she says the
professor on screen that you are a
racist if you're not for carbon taxes if
you're not admitting global warming is
man-made and real than humans are bad
of course the eugenicist run the global
warming movement and openly admit it's
their cutoff Latin America Asia and
Africa
funding and their own infrastructure so
billions billions will die
you know most this planet lives on less
than $2 a day right you know that in the
UN in Africa is pushing people off their
land and they're starving to death you
know they're shooting people but I'm a
racist because I don't want Africa to
have its infrastructure cut off and I
want to have for gonna be able to have
power plants cause I'm gonna build
Africa up I want to empower humanity
because I know what comes around goes
around I mean that's an intellectual
thing but I know you reap what you sow
karma at a gut level my head screwed on
straight we're gonna talk about that in
a moment
so see I'm bad I'm not one of these
people climate change skepticism a
sickness that must be treated says
professor global warming alarmists
equates climate denial with racism we
have to be put in mental facilities
because we get the emails from the UN
admitting it's all a fraud an excuse to
set up local taxes over everybody but
I'm not supposed to look at that because
because she's like I'm a professor I run
things mental institutions
draaga and listen it's hundreds of them
it's the UN she's just one of them out
there pushing all of this in everybody's
face so it is for that reason and we're
gonna talk about this with Martin Remo
coming up because now they got climate
pushers saying we should be drugged if
we don't agree and that's part of the
part of the new vaccine you're gonna get
they're saying where you're not gonna
worry about anything you're gonna be a
good biological Android that does what
the Masterclass
people that are mad at everybody else
says the ultimate creepy weird hippie
who claims they're all liberal I wants
to guilt you to do what they say no this
is a control freak on steroids okay but
she knows what to do
she'll gets you there's some Dark Void
the universe spiraling out possessed
people the demons let me tell those eyes
they say it all right there I mean we're
talking goblin creature but side issue
it's just like all of them let's go
ahead and give her this is only the
fourth time I'll give him one of these
in eight months on air on the nightly
news we're gonna give her the coveted
skeksi award this this only goes to
people well that show they've got the
talent that it takes to be a sketchy
leader I mean if you're into soul
sucking tyranny and arresting those you
disagree with him putting him in
psychiatric facilities you win the
agenda21 skeksi award and so to
Professor Carey nor guard who loves the
system loves the state is funded with
our tax money to her we give her the
highest award the skeksi award for you
my darling here it is
you are the skeksi Award winner let me
tell you a professor this is prestigious
this is like getting an Oscar
and don't worry somebody of your caliber
crazed with control freak lust but with
a tiny little brain you who you you are
gonna have this is not just your only
moment the Sun we're gonna go to break
later and spend a lot of time with you
because we know you're the special
people that hate humanity so much that
you're carrying out the agenda21 cuz
look at her she's like smiling she's
like a green skull I mean you know she's
like looking into Hell's Gate every
photo of her own is the same thing it's
just like ours
I release me soon the light will be
removed it's like so so that's coming up
they don't like me destroy them so
that's uh no one likes me cut the power
off so I'm a minion of the dark force
Neil's with me drug him all right I got
a stop right there
oh yeah oh that is let me tell ya can
look right into her soul Oh what do I
see she's got like 50 catbox he she's
gotta clean up when she gets up so that
woman sees a dog it's just like she's
like freaking out right now watching us
how do I know I don't need surveillance
inside your bungalow to see all the cat
droppings staring into the abyss one
does go mad help me tell you you put her
face up on screen edge of sins
while I mean one look into those crossed
eyes she's oh yeah I mean she's just
staring at your soul she's like I'll get
your country all these people won't see
Who I am
that's enough yeah take me out of
brain-eating vaccines let's move from
something to something less horrifying